exit menu button? window close

starts with

obsoletes unselectable - but still browsable

{syn} & {obs} tags in comp list

syns show syns not term name

cut down size of string for layout bug

tab selects currently highlighted

maybe do starts with before contains?

on load keeps blank character (from before load) around in table - shouldnt

auto load from sourcforge or bioportal

post compose gui
post compose syntax
post compose pheno xml

column sorting - do shift for descending, also if new added sort it
in, and perhaps indicate sorted column in header with < & >?

bug: pasting from one phenote to another doesnt work - i think its
because the data flavors are 2 different instances in 2 different jvms 
even though in theory its a singleton:
loading CharacterList from clipboard if there
Failed to get character list from clipboard: java.awt.datatransfer.UnsupportedFlavorException: Fly Character List

fly data adapter needs to check for empty/null entity & value - should
be required

#nasty bug - genotype is reverting to original copy on changing
selection

bug - if load from dataadapter and new selected char has null fields, and 
old fields in field panel are showing valid old entries - they dont clear to empty
i think it reject empty

0.4 - Erik
----------
In a past PATO curation trial run at ZFIN, the testers wanted an
interface that could remember the previously entered GC value (most of
the annotations were recessive phenotypes in homozygous fish) and
auto-populate the next annotation.  So that's a possible option.

When browsing through terms it would be useful to have a browser-like
Back button to return to the parent term I was viewing previously,
particularly if lots of parents to select from. 
-- and forward button


One desirable feature to think about is the ability to copy all
annotations for genotype_1 and duplicating them for genotype_2.  Two
alleles of a gene may have identical phenotypes, or differ only in one
or two characteristics out of a whole bunch of annotations.  So it
would be nice to do a batch copy/paste of all annotations and then
edit as needed for the second genotype


0.4 David
---------
1. I noticed you changed the label for part_of children to 'sub-part'
and the label for is_a children into 'subclass'. Could you also change
the label for develops_from children to 'develops into'?

2. Could you add reference IDs to the definitions

3. Children should be grouped by relationship type (e.g.- all subclasses
together)

4. Something weird happens to the term info window if you the resize
phenote too small.

5. Would be good if clicking through parents and children made the
chosen term appear in the anatomy term entry box.

6. (later email)References (as in biblio refs) for definitions are present for some
proportion of our anatomy terms (these are IDs begining with the string
FBrf).  Could these be displayed in the term info window? i think this
is the same as #2??



launch url from webstart - mimic apollo - actually seems to launch browser from
from webstart user browserlauncher2 

config refactor - have field configs come straight from xml parse

config file - change to generic <field> entries with
type="entity|pato..."

finish config, enum, char field refactoring...

finish refactoring for character selection


mac svn


bug in ant file - cant figure out - very wierd - if do ant jar somehow
compile uses old stuff - stuff that i think ive even got rid of - it seemed it
was coming from jar file itself - but does the same with jar file gone - so 
im really unclear where ant jar - and thus ant compile are getting there
 source/classfiles - i was just changing Config.DEFAULT_FILE_NAME and the changes
were not being reflected in jar class nor regular class - even if i deleted Config.class
and deleted phenote.jar - which leaves me completely stumped??? but everythings
fine if i do compile from my alias - very wierd! not even reflected in Config.java
backup file! - this is true of ant compile - which should be excluding phenote.jar
but maybe it isnt    <fileset dir="${lib}">
      <include name="*.jar"/>
      <exclude name="phenote.jar"/>
    </fileset>


put ctol up on web site with taxonomy ontology

refactor char list? take out of char table model - put in datamodel?
charList? charSet? charSession? Phenotype? 


configuration gui - for users - hide the xml!

- make test for alphabet sorting

test suite - fix text for attribute filtering - need to get more than
one key stroke in - 'ttr' would do it - having trouble with 2nd key
stroke... maybe because theres no key release - probably messes it up
ill bet thats it - just dont feel like sinking more time into it at the moment

need to take advantage of namespaces - zf obo file has both anatomy & stages - only anatomy
name space should be used for anatomy - stage namespace used for stage - namespace has to be
part of configging ontology (as well as filename, name, & type(entity,pato...))

dropdown list of used before items...
or just make fields in table drag & droppable - then dont have to take
up real estate with another drop down list - which could be confusing
- could try to reuse drop down list or merge lists but that too could
be confusing - i like drag & drop

window listener for exit


cmd line --initialConfiguration initial-zf.cfr initial-fb.cfg, if no 
current-config.cfg (in ~/.phenote? or phenote-home/conf/?) then get from there
save to current-config as user makes changes (thread? on close?)
can save configuration to a file, and load from file - loading will 
bring into current config (and wipe out previous current config)
if current config in home then can use across versions - for better or worse
put version in config file

pato should filter in Value suffix rather than filter out attribute as theres
other non value crap as well that needs to be filtered out

refactor - search params -> SearchParamManager? singleton? overkill?
low prior

in config xml reader might want different readers (subclasses?) for different versions
so can see that its config for version 0.4 - read in with 0.4 reader - and then 
write out with 0.5 writer - low priority


add GO!

put in fields for fly/zfin - 
qualifiers/context - need vocab/obo from zf/fb
[ fb - can have more than one qualifier - list]
stage for zfin start & end?
pub id
figure # for zfin
quantity/units
- context should just use context.obo
- qualifiers i think are gonna be cleaned up and separated out of fly_vocab
-- for instance theres gonna be a spatial qualifier
 also qualifiers may be part of a compound entity - so a field in the compound entity
 maker not a separate pheno field unto itself - although one has to wonder what the
 diff is

dont allow deslection of all 3 searchers:
term, syn, def


coloring for obsoletes in comp list? can you do this?
obsoletes after non obsoletes or interspersed?

#test suite!
-- add to it
-- get hip to gui testing - dig into mouse & key events




when selecting a table row sometimes get this:
Item in completion list not obo class class java.lang.String
thats because i think table row is setting to string not obo class as
dont even have obo class - i think eventually want obo class in there
- this is harmless at the moment as not doing term info on item in
text box of combo box - eventually have table boxes selectable (mouse
over?) to see in term info



background thread for loading obo files & sorting??

--------
TermInfo:
--------

also would be cool if could click on term/charfield in table and show info for that

double click/drag & drop for term to go in field/table/model
this is non-trivial - several options - none are trivial or quite solve everything
1) double click - 
problems: 
- have to supress second click causing a 2nd link follow, 
- have to figure which field, cant do this when we go to wierdo stuff
and an ontology can co in multiple fields, E, E2, Q
2) button - not as handy, same issues with field unless theres a
button for every field which is silly as it would proliferate buttons i think
button would be for the term that is currently displayed -
 probably easiest but lamest
3) right popup menu - non trivial - would need mouse listener and then somehow 
figure what term was clicked from x/y coords - is this even possible?
menu item for each field
4) drag & drop - this would be cool - same problem as #3 need to figure out term
-from initial mouse click, then need to implement drag & drop stuff - non trivial
this is the best solution - probably hardest as well
--wait for 3 & 4 why dont we just get term from hyperlink pressed - yes!
-- though have to clear out if non hyper link is clicked - not sure how -
 mouse listener? see if mouse clicked on no hyperlink event? mouse event surely
comes first though? 


put in comment from obo terms - didnt know about that

start stage, end stage should not be in Parents! should have own
category

children "develops from" should be renamed "develops into"

lump syns together in 1 line? or is that confusing?
--lump other things - isa? subparts?... parents/children - actually i dont know
lumping actually might make things hard to read especially with long term names
-get order proper of parents and child - isa first, then partof, then
start stage then end stage, then catch-all
-if no children or parent dont show caption? or at least say NO CHILDREN?
 separate area for each? - probably not



further off...
--------------

make terms in table drag & droppable

integrate UVic guis (when ready)

composite terms
compound entities

fb dataadapter

zf data adapter

integrate with fb & zf sites
- import db/genotype/lump ids from outside app & possibly other stuff to

web-ize for zf

svn in obo sf

flybase - genotype maker w genetic interactions

fb - nlp search through paper with ontology terms - infer phenos?

worn paths - data & gui
gui - keep record of what user has clicked on/navigated in past -
highlight such things (also allow subsetting/filtering to worn path)
data - note entity to attirbute connections in data and use them for
suggestions - reuse uvics stuff for this

need to be able to add & flag new terms that are not yet in the ontology but should be

pheno xml data adapter

add images - at least ctol asked for this - fb? zf?

integrate with obo edit - plugin. - undo, shared selection, reasoner(slow)

integrate with Mesquite nexus ctol app - plugin

for ctol rick had suggestion of making EA set, then taxa set - then
have a matrix(?) or 2 lists with radio buttons for values - i could
see this being handy for zf or fb as well possibly
