axis - (NW) needed for the eutils software from ncbi

batik* svg graphichs for oboedit graphs (phenote2)

bbop.jar - part of bbop/obo/oboedit trio of jars

birn-soap.jar - for birn soap adapter that talks to birns ckb database via soap.


BrowserLauncher2 (added by Mark Gibson MG) is used from term info window http links to launch webpage in
an external browser

commons-beanutils?

commons-discovery - (NW) needed for the eutils software from ncbi

commons-lang?

commons-logging? and how does this relate to log4j?

eutils- (NW) these are for accessing ncbi eutils via soap interface.  this jar
was created from the wsdl spec on 11/13/2007.  may need to be updated periodically.
Some details can be found at: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/query/static/esoap_java_help.html

glazedlists - (added by Jim Balhoff JB) Provides character list change notifications for tables, 
as well as list selection notifications to charfield guis.

jaxrpc - (NW) needed for the eutils software from ncbi

jdom - (JB) required by swixml for reading swing interface layout files

jebl - (JB) Java Evolutionary Biology Library - phylogenetic tree view for PhenoMap

jetty - (MG) allows phenote to be a standalone servlet without having to plug
into tomcat server - used to talk with smart atlas over http
jetty-util (MG) unfortunately jetty comes with 2 jars - silly

jhindexer (NW) this is the library for the indexing capability in the help manual.

jh - (NW) this is the tool that puts together the help files/interface

jnlp - (MG) i think this allows phenote to find stuff when in webstart context
- i think this is used to find all the config files in the webstart jar

jsp-api (Christian Pich CP)? I think christian added this for zfins jsp web
stuff - i dont think this is needed for webstart

jsr?

BIRN SOAP
---------
birn-soap.jar - autogenerated from ckb soap wsdl (by willy/birn)
jsr181-api.jar - soap web service used for birn soap adapter. javax.jws.WebService in
 particular
jaxws-api.jar also needed for birn soap (WebServiceClient)
jaxws-rt.jar (ProviderImpl)
jaxb-impl.jar (ContextFactory)
activation.jar (DataSource)
jaxb-xjc.jar (CatalogManager)
saaj-impl.jar (SaajMetaFactoryImpl)
sjsxp.jar (for setting up parser?)
stax-ex.jar (XMLStreamReaderEx)
streambuffer.jar (XMLStreamBuffer)
so willy sent new soap jar compiled with jaxb 2.0 as compiling with 2.1
is not compatible with some web servers for webstart like berkeleys phenote
server - i think this jaxb jar is still 2.1 though - dont know if it needs 
to be changed or if backward compatible in this direction
jaxb-api.jar for birn soap (XmlSeeAlso)
so saaj-api.jar has same classes as exsiting saaj.jar BUT birn soap will not run off 
existing saaj.jar 
Caused by: java.lang.LinkageError: You are loading old SAAJ from jar:file:/Users/mgibson/pato/svn2/trunk/jars/saaj.jar!/javax/xml/soap/MessageFactory.class
So adding saaj-api.jar in in addition to saaj.jar - though its unclear if saaj.jar still needed
i think the pubmed thingy uses it - should see if it can jibe with saaj-api and if so 
delete saaj.jar
 
(using existing jsr173_1.0-api.jar - called jsr173.jar in willys zip of jars)
(dont need FastInfoset.jar, http.jar, jaxws-tools.jar)
(end of birn soap)

jstl?

junit - MG - for testing phenote - ant test - not needed for webstart

jwf - wizard - used by oboedit - for multi add(??)

idw.jar - for oboedit window docking stuff

layouts ?

libquaqua.jnilib - JB - jni lib for qua qua for java on macs - needed for
webstart

log4j - MG - for phenote logging 

oboedit - MG(from john richter) - for underlying oboedit datamodel and such

org.geneontology - MG - jar that oboedit uses - unfortunately doesnt come all
in one jar - PASE! replaced by obo.jar

obo.jar - from oboedit - for doing obo stuff

bbop.jar - from oboedit/john richter - utilities used by obo edit

phenoteconfigbeans - MG - these are autogenerated from conf/phenote-config.rnc
via trang & scomp - they are apaches xml beans for dealing with config xml

phenote.jar - generated by ant jar - main phenote jar

phenoxmlbeans -  MG/JB - these are autogenerated from conf/pheno-xml.rnc
via trang & scomp - they are apaches xml beans for dealing with pheno xml

piccolo - MG - this is a helper jar for shrimp.jar - phenote not really using
and may never use(?) - not needed for webstart at this point

piccolox - MG - for piccolo/shrimp - phase out?

postgresql - Juancarlos Chan (JC) - needed for wormbase postgres dataadapter -
needed for webstart

quaqua - JB - provides fixes for mac look & feel

quartz - CP - for zfin servlet - im forgetting but i think this is a scheduler
for auto updating ontologies for zfin website - dont think this is needed for
webstart

saaj - (NW) needed for the eutils software from ncbi

shrimp - MG/Uvic - for uvic graphics for showing dag graphs - many problems
with it - may end up using oboedits graph stuff instead?? - currently disabled
so i dont think its needed for webstart - (enable via config)

standard??

struts - CP? - im guessing that christian put these in for jsp zfin website -
i think this makes it beany - and closer to jsf

sugilayout - MG/Uvic/Seth Carbon - sugilayout from graphviz implemented in
java - used by shrimp which isnt being used - not needed for webstart i think

swing-layout - (NW) - this is for some swing layout stuff, i believe for the new loading screen, but i don't remember which part

swingx - (NW) this is for some fancy swing components, like collapsible jpanes. 
For referencing org.jdesktop.*.  You can get the javadocs at 
http://swinglabs.org/hudson/job/SwingX%20Weekly%20Build/javadoc/


swixml - (JB) does swing layout via xml - used in main character table and character template table

te-common - MG - used for command line parsing - actually needed for webstart
as you can give it cmd line params in application-desc

tomcat-servlet - MG?CP?

xml-api* - for svg graphics for oboedit graphs

wsdl4j-1.5.1 - (NW) all of these are needed for the eutils software from ncbi


